This text file is simply to jot down ideas as they come. 

Contains list of things that are developed, but never explicitly said.



Give subtle hint to the year:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3k49dDCSFnk
Aries
Taurus
Gemini
Cancer
Leo
Virgo
Libra
Scorpio
Sagittarius
Capricorn
Aquarius <--next
Pisces <-- now (Death of two fish)
 procession of the ages
year = ~2150


All characters must have been cloned by someone. Native humans are now
 infertile and dependent on machines. Characters:

player. known only by his GARD01 - Clone of an undergrad. Made by Ima?. bald, no hair grown yet,
so always wears hat. You don't know his name and his face must be generic. The player is "you".
Ima - assistant. Insane, given to Professor by Director Victoria.
Engineer - made by Director Victoria.
Fox - Giant pumpkin. Claims to have turned into pumpkin as punishment by
 terroists. he actually was turned by DV. he is good willing, does what DV says
 as she as his memory backed up. character inspired by balrog from cave story.
Director Victoria - big boss. She's seen all characters before because she's
 already cloned and killed them before.
Terroist leader - kind, but after a battle admits that he simply gets paid to
 be a terrorist. Minor NPC.



Two endings.
1) you defeat DV, Fox and kill the boss of the corporation.
2) ??? find out something really shocking twist?!, defeat the real boss. save ima


storyline
1) home.
2) office. first encounter with DV. battle Fox again.
3) underworld. learn location of terrorists and how the modern people live.
4) airport. small plane to take you to places to explore?
5) in air.
    first ending. easy. Defeat DV and Fox. kill main boss

7) Double back through underground, get imas brain scan
9) learn of the entertainment system
10) go to HELL and destroy big boss

Two endings:
 easy
 hard




current scene = scene22
healthincrease5



todo:
- metroid keys. Make the movement of player a bit better 
- go back to start to give brain scan of ima
- battle with director?
- mushrooms drop tasty mushrooms. They do nothing
different sounds& explosions for shots.
- shake sound
